Far from Israel lived a Jew whom the king of Persia trusted with his life.
He believed his people were carrying on pure worship in Jerusalem until one day.
The walls of Jerusalem are broken down and its gates have been burned with fire.
Most of the people ignore God's law.
Walls was only the beginning.
We have many powerful enemies.
I recommend you turn the accusation of sedition against Nehemiah.
Nehemiah is far away in Shushan.
Who is going to tell him?
This is my province.
Out here, I decide what to do.
I have a right to live where I choose and so do you.
They would need help to face what was about to come next.
Every man must find his own joy and I intend to find mine.
Why should you complain when everyone else approves?
If we let mere threats frighten us in the stopping, they will have achieved their goal.
Are you going to wait until they start killing us?
We're powerless to stop this.
Do you remember me favorably?
Oh my God.